for years we thought that the oceans
were so vast and the inhabitants so
infinitely numerous that nothing we
could do could have an effect upon them
but now we know that was wrong if the
oceans weren't healthy and if the oceans
don't stay healthy and regain their
health human beings are doomed that's
the bottom line
the the oceans make the earth a
habitable planet
climate change is real it will change
where things are even where people live
but will we stop before we go too far
the Antarctic is a very special place
and what's happening there affects the
rest of the world it's also holding an
awful lot of the water on our planet
locked up as ice and how that's changing
will have implications for sea levels
around the world
[Music]
it's horrifying to think that plastic is
being washed up on our beaches and
brought back by our wildlife and we
can't ignore it anymore it's really
shocking
you know our ocean is become a dumping
ground simply because people don't see
what's in the ocean
I'm personally really scared for coral
reefs I think that they are in a lot of
trouble
[Music]
these changes in our behavior to
conserve coral reefs need to happen
really soon otherwise you know my kids
aren't going to be able to see these
places it's not gonna really call left
there's not gonna be any fish left
[Music]
it's just what we've done most people
don't realize the magnitude of the
changes that are happening you know I
don't want to make people afraid I want
to empower them I want to make them
understand that we have to change things
we can't just do it we can't keep the
status quo up anymore we have to change
I think there are two possible futures
for the ocean the first is one that
we've been sleepwalking towards we know
where that's heading but there's another
future that we can still choose and
that's where we are learning from the
oceans from the ingenuity of nature
that's where the oceans are helping to
support the 7 billion people and more
that our planet currently has we are at
a crossroads right now it's not too late
to choose the future we want but we need
to act now and we need to act together
[Music]
I hope in my lifetime that we will see
the oceans improving but it is going to
mean everybody working together and
working with that shared goal of trying
to restore the health and the health of
the oceans there's a Native American
phrase we don't inherit the earth from
our ancestors we borrow it from our
grandchildren and for me that really
strikes a chord because I want my
children to be able to swim with
dolphins I want them to be able to dive
on a coral reef everybody can make a
difference everybody can do little
things and those little things add up
and collectively they make a huge
difference
[Music]
you